Now we added routing and before we dive into editing posts, there's one important thing I want to highlight.
We now have routes here in our angular app defined in the app routing module
but we also have routes on the backend in the app.js file and these routes are actually not really connected,
they're running on different servers,
so our backend is of course running on localhost 3000 because that is the port we defined
and they do different things.
The angular router is actually just a tool that is able to parse the
url of our app and then render different things onto the screen through javascript.
That is what it's doing,
it's not loading different html pages,
we only have one html page, the index.html page but it's re-rendering the content on that page for the different
urls we're visiting. Now important, these routes here in the angular router are only known by
angular which is a client side application,
so which is a javascript driven application running in the browser.
This means and this will become important when we later deploy this, that the server doesn't know these routes,
neither our backend here nor any server that might serve our angular app
and I will show you which implications this has and how we make the server aware of this fact later
when we deploy this.
It's also important to note that if you were to host your angular app on the same server as your node
app, there will be a couple of things to keep in mind which you will see
but one important thing is that you must not use routes you defined in angular like this /create
route here, that you must not use them in your backend too because what would happen then is that the server
would parse and understand them because you defined them there
and it would not parse the page onto angular to also have a look at that, instead it would do what it
does and
this is probably not that it returns the index.html file.
So this is very abstract, we'll come back to this when we deploy our app
but it's important to understand the difference between client side routing which is all about reading
the url and re-rendering parts of the page and server side routing which is all about handling incoming
requests and sending back something different.
In one case, the server side routing, you really exchange data, you are sending requests and responses, in
the client side case,
you're not doing that, you are reading the url and you're re-rendering the page.